Better come and get you some.
Yep, your new favorite is free with purchase in the Wendy's app.
The results are in. 100% of respondents agree: Wendy’s is America’s Favorite Breakfast.
We love you too sweet, sweet Guillermo.
wake and Baconator
Wendy’s breakfast got me like
BREAKFAST NEWS! Wendy's is now serving up breakfast. Sources say it's pretty lit.
Y’all got any plans for breakfast tomorrow
America’s bout to fall in love with their new favorite breakfast. They just don’t know it yet.
That’s why we’re sliding into first place.
Here lies mediocrity.
Alright friendys. Time to go public, got some business to handle.
Look at you. Having your tweets on a billboard in Times Square.
Oof. We've got 6 days till March 2nd. Seems excessive but hey, you're the King.
We’re up to something. Nbd.
my vision board
Breakfast arrives on 3/2. Since you can’t taste it yet, let’s see how it might feel
Now let’s close our eyes and use imagination like a time machine launching us forward to Wendy’s Breakfast on 3/2.
Hope you’re ready for WendysBreakfast because if you miss out on 3/2, you’ll really have egg on your face!
When literally anything would be better on a bun than their beef.
Proud of this big spicy boi
Time to toss that folded egg-plane they've been calling breakfast. Starting 3/2 you can treat yourself to fresh cracked eggs on every breakfast sandwich, every day. 
Starting on 3/2 you can stop settling for a lesser breakfast. We've got fresh cracked eggs on every sandwich, because you deserve more than liquid, folded, frozen, and reheated eggs.
Guess they're gonna make us pull forward and wait.
When they ask what your weaknesses are during the interview.
Picking up their order.
Is it a garbage truck?
When you need to impress Lord Beerus with one meal, and you know Spicy Nuggets are the best flavor in the 7th Universe.
That's what we call a glow up.
Looked who dropped by to see what Spicy Nuggets were supposed to taste like.
Sir, this is a
Boom! 5 in a row. Haven't even hit a commercial break yet. Nailed it.
Oh boy, 90s movie reference. We're gonna crush this thing.
Snake jazz? That's a new genre of music, right?
I got snakes. You guys got snakes?
The hot and juicy memes from our sister up north.
Rick and Morty are back again this Sunday, so come by our place and grab a Baconator to eat while you watch.
Santa's coming down the chimney this year saying Fo Fo Fo!
Then he's eating all your cookies and kissing your momma.
This is no drill. Frosty Key Tags are back. Get your $2 hookup for a free Jr. Frosty all year. Proceeds help support
You show up to Wendy’s for the 2 for $5. What ya gonna get? Don’t see your favorite? Comment with your go-to combo below!
nice
Thanks for all the birthday wishes! Haha 
Not sure about you, but we think we make 50 look good. 
Buy cheeseburgers.
Sir, this is a Wendy's.
It's our birthday week, so we're chillin and playing some games. Come hang.
thinking about changing the Dave’s Single to the Dave’s Self-Partnered
Calling all gamers! Help Queen Wendy find the perfect dipping sauce and fight against the evil frozen beef in the latest Giphy Arcade games.
The heroes of Beef’s Keep have gathered to banish frozen beef from the realm.
are you a potato?
Things are about to get saucy.
Who’s driving the boat?